To crack safes in wasteland, use a stethoscope on it and rotate it to the right until you hear a click, then to the left, then to the right. It must be a click however.
To use a hand held radio without having to turn the microphone on, have it anywhere on your body (pockets!) and use the ";" key to speak into it, hands free!
You can chop down dead trees with an axe, and then further process the logs you get into planks to build wooden structures and items. This is useful for construction.
You can drag other players onto yourself to open the strip menu, letting you remove their equipment or force them to wear something. Note that exosuits or helmets will block your access to the clothing beneath them, and that certain items take longer to strip or put on than others.
Clicking on a simple door rather then bumping into it will keep it open, you can click it again to close it.
You can change the control scheme by pressing tab. One is WASD, the other is the arrow keys. Keep in mind that hotkeys are also changed with this.
Glass shards can be welded to make glass, and metal rods can be welded to make metal. Ores can be welded too, but this takes a lot of fuel. All three require welding protection for your eyes otherwise you'll end up blind as a bat!
You can grab someone by clicking on them with the grab intent, then upgrade the grab by clicking on the grab button in your active hand. An aggressive grab will allow you to place someone on a table by clicking on it, or throw them by toggling on throwing and clicking elsewhere to throw.
Holding alt and left clicking a tile will allow you to see its contents in the top right window pane, which is much faster than right clicking and will prevent lag/crashes on your end from item overflow.
The resist button will allow you to resist out of handcuffs, being buckled to a chair or bed, out of locked lockers and more. Whenever you're stuck, try resisting! Be warned, your captors can see you struggling and may react in turn.
You can move an item out of the way by dragging it and then clicking on an adjacent tile with an empty hand.
Crates can be booby-trapped by adding wire, shocking anyone who tries to open them. Fun!
You can toggle the safety of your almost any firearm by holding alt and clicking on it in your hotbar.
Shift clicking on a person with a exposed face will show their faction affiliation at the bottom of the examine text.
Beware! Factions can be infiltrated by wasters or even your enemy! If you see someone running around with an identification card, you have full rights to stop them and demand to see identification or detain them until their identity can be confirmed.
The Legate's armor is very resilient, you will likely want to be firing AP ammo his way.
On most advanced armor, the helmet has more damage resistance than the actual armor, sometimes it is useful to aim for the limbs.
Armor piercing rounds will deal some damage to power armor. Useful if you have no specialised tools to deal with tin cans.
Dynamite requires you to use a ignition tool on it to activate it. ( Torch / Zippo / Lighter / Welder / Flare )
The wasteland has many hidden surprises, be sure to look closely when on your next scouting run.
If you want to drag someone along a highway or up/down a ladder, click and drag them onto it and they will travel the ladder even if they are restrained.
